 









What we do
At ESL, we provide specialist marketing and branding for institutions, training and mentoring of young scholars and primary and high schools for the efficient academic growth and development 

What makes us Tick?
Excellent Student Limited really does have a proven track record in marketing and branding of institutions to the highest standards. We have the expertise, knowledge, first-hand experience and qualifications to make a difference for you and your team. We partner with other organizations in the internationalization of higher education in Kenya
We provide you with working knowledge and practical solutions to help you to implement strategies that will give you excellence and distinction in your educational endeavor.
 

Vision Statement
To have total commitment to Excellence in Marketing and Branding
Mission Statement
Guided by a relentless focus on excellence, we are constantly striving to implement critical initiatives required to achieve our vision. In doing this, we are delivering operational excellence in every corner of our marketing and branding activities to meet and exceed our commitments to serve our clients.
Core values
?	Passion
?	Creativity
?	Teamwork
?	Client Satisfaction
?	Excellence

Our Philosophy
Establishing creative ways to help our clients make the world better.

Our commitment
Be creative and innovative 
	To be highly informed and broadminded for acting quickly and resolutely to changes in the market
Be excellent communicators
	Bring together diverse skills in communication the clients’ brands to the market
Displaying integrity and excellence
	To work with highest standards of sincerity and diligence as an honorable company
These are our daily guidelines in our branding and marketing activities to realise our esteemed aspirations



Products and Services

Academic Branding 
 
Academic Branding enable you establish and propel your institution to a high level through creative digital branding.
?	Website development
?	Exam analysis tools
?	Social Media marketing
?	School Management system
?	Signage 

The Academic Mentor
 
Overcoming academic -related challenges takes expertise and perspective. The Academic Mentor can give you both. 
We are a coalition of experienced educators and mentors dedicated to helping young people manage their academic challenges through our consultation services, experiential workshops and seminars, and related resources.
We also provide consultancy on academic research and online-based opportunities for college and out of college students and alumnus respectively.


Early Childhood news
 
We are a consultancy group, working in partnership with early childhood professionals, in the provision of reflective professional development and consultancy services for continued improvement.
As a consultancy, we are focused towards working with in partnership with early childhood professionals on their unique and ongoing journeys of professional growth.  
We believe early childhood educators should be confident in using their professional expertise and judgment to make informed decisions to improve, embed, and maintain the highest quality outcomes on matters of early childhood.


Excellence Student magazine
 
Our ESM offers an academically sound literature enabling learners to make informed choices in their academic and career aspirations. 
The magazine is published on monthly and supplied to high schools at a termly or yearly subscription fee.


The ESM - High Schools Catalog
A termly publication that features high performing high schools and international schools in Kenya. The publication gives class eight candidates and parents an opportunity to know the schools that are available for them  upon completion of the primary school system.  

Benefits of working with us
1.	Free advertisements in the company website and social media
2.	Big advertisement spaces in our student magazine and High schools catalog
3.	Participation in academic symposiums
4.	Hosting of student activities and events as organized by the company (Colleges and tertiary institutions)
5.	Increased publicity and awareness of your institution
6.	Free straight talk to students/motivational seminars for the students through the G&C and Career Counseling departments
7.	Participation in primary school events and activities (High Schools)
8.	Advertisement in the out-of-school programs (Malls and other facilities)







 

